# repository-sffp
**Repository for SFFP 2022**

This repository described the code developed during the Summer Faculty Fellowship at USAFA in Summer 2022.

The repository consists of 4 subdirectories with Python scripts that need to be run in a specific sequence, i.e. one needs to be run before the other one because it uses data generated by the firt script as explained below.

1. **surce_extraction**

    This script stacks five 'light' images to improve signal-to-noise ratio (*SNR*), and extracts sources in the stacked image.  The script uses the *DAOStarFinder* package from the *Astropy* photometry library.   
2. **signal_interpolation**

    Interpolates filter transmission, QE, and material reflecta to generate an appropriate wavelength resolution $\Delta \lambda$, to be used in the DIRSIG $^{_{TM}}$ simulator.  This script used the *Interp1D* from the *Scypy* library.
3. **psf_generation**

    Generates point spread functions (*PSF*s) from extracted sources from step 1. This script uses *Gaussian2D* from the *Astropy*.   It also extracts diffraction grating spectral (of DirecTV-10) and interpolates to an appropriate wavelength resolution.
4. **image_generation**

    The final step in the data processing toolchain is the computation the calibrated magnitude images generated by DIRSIG $^{_{TM}}$ simulator.  The simulator  generates flux images (W/m $^{_2}$) and need to be calibrated.  The script shells out of python environment to move parts in the CAD model and/or run the simulator. 


